Bump version for 5.1.2 (#6560)
pingcap/docs: download-ecosystem-tools.md

> **Note:**
>

> > `{version}` in the above download link indicates the version number of DM. For example, the download link for `v5.1.2` is `https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-toolkit-v5.1.2-linux-amd64.tar.gz`. You can check the published DM versions in the [DM Release](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/releases) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `{version}` in the above download link indicates the version number of DM. For example, the download link for `v2.0.4` is `https://download.pingcap.org/dm-v2.0.4-linux-amd64.tar.gz`. You can check the published DM versions in the [DM Release](https://github.com/pingcap/dm/releases) page.
```
